https://linklike.com.br/us/app/656176278/modern-combat-5

Modern Combat 5 - Create a squad from 11 classes, add your friends for team play, and test your skills in dynamic arenas or through Battle Royale warfare against online rivals from around the world! Prefer to work alone? Then feel free to step into the thrilling solo play campaign as you shoot your way through one dire situation after another to save the world as you launch an attack against a lunatic’s apocalyptic plans. 11 CLASSES WITH UNIQUE SKILLS > Customize and level up any of the 10 classes across solo play and team play modes. > Find the playstyle that suits you: Assault, Heavy, Recon, Sniper, Support, Bounty Hunter, Sapper, X1-Morph, Kommander, Marauder or Tracker. > Activate class-specific skills by earning and spending Skill Points. HIGH-POWERED ONLINE MULTIPLAYER > Watch players engaged in live online FPS battles and eSports competitions with all the great graphics you expect in the Spectator mode. > Epic guns-a-blazing team play in Squad vs. Squad matches. > Drop into Battle Royale mode and fight for survival with up to 70 players. > Talk to other players to plan your online multiplayer strategies and coordinate an attack in the Global and Squad Chats. > Top the individual and Squad leaderboards as you master your eSports skills. > Win free rewards and cool prizes in limited-time events. RANK UP > Accumulate XP and level up by playing solo play missions, team play matches, and Battle Royale. > Unlock higher-tier guns and other weapons by mastering lower-tier guns. > Customize the perfect weapon using a host of attachments and jump straight into the free game action. INTENSE SOLO PLAY CAMPAIGN > Engage in fast-paced story missions where the call will take you from Tokyo to Venice for a variety of first person shooter challenges. > Play the new Spec Ops missions for a real online FPS adrenaline rush. > Great graphics, music and voice performances perfectly adapted for a first person shooter game. HIGHLY CUSTOMIZABLE CONTROLS > Intuitive, highly customizable controls so you can play the game just the way you want. Modern Combat 5 requires an Internet connection. So if you’re ready for the online FPS of your dreams, dive into this unparalleled free game that takes online multiplayer to new heights. Perfect for anyone hungry for solo play first person shooter fun, team play eSports competition, or a thrilling Battle Royale challenge. This app allows you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site
